README.md, before:

# JavaNotePad: Your Ultimate Java Notepad

JavaNotePad is an intuitive, feature-rich notepad application built with Java Swing and AWT. Designed to recreate the classic notepad experience with modern enhancements, it offers smooth and efficient note-taking.

## Key Features
- **Multi-tabbed Editing**: Work on multiple documents within a single window.
- **File Operations**: Open, save, and create new files with ease.
- **Print Functionality**: Print your notes directly from the application.
- **Text Operations**: Cut, copy, paste, and select all with simple shortcuts.
- **Zoom Controls**: Easily zoom in and out to adjust your view.
- **User-Friendly Interface**: Clean, intuitive, and easy to navigate.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Java Development Kit (JDK) 8 or higher
- A Java IDE (e.g., IntelliJ IDEA, Eclipse) or text editor

### Installation
1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Vinay-Bagde-19/JavaNotePad.git
   
2. Open the project in your preferred Java IDE or text editor.

3. Compile and run the My_Notepad class.

## Usage

**New Tab**: Create a new tab for editing.

**Open:** Open and read text files.

**Save:** Save the current tab's content.

**Print:** Print the contents of the current tab.

**Zoom In/Out:** Adjust the view of your text.

**Cut/Copy/Paste/Select All:** Manage text easily with standard shortcuts.

## Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Feel free to submit issues, fork the repository, and create pull requests.

## Acknowledgments
Inspired by classic notepad applications.

Built with love using *Java Swing* and *AWT*.

🖊️📒 Dive into JavaNotePad and elevate your note-taking experience.🚀⭐

Commit message:

Update Readme file and Add .jar file.

README.md, after:

# JavaNotePad: Your Ultimate Java Notepad

JavaNotePad is an intuitive, feature-rich notepad application built with Java Swing and AWT. Designed to recreate the classic notepad experience with modern enhancements, it offers smooth and efficient note-taking.

## Key Features
- **Multi-tabbed Editing**: Work on multiple documents within a single window.
- **File Operations**: Open, save, and create new files with ease.
- **Print Functionality**: Print your notes directly from the application.
- **Text Operations**: Cut, copy, paste, and select all with simple shortcuts.
- **Zoom Controls**: Easily zoom in and out to adjust your view.
- **User-Friendly Interface**: Clean, intuitive, and easy to navigate.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites
- Java Development Kit (JDK) 8 or higher
- A Java IDE (e.g., IntelliJ IDEA, Eclipse) or text editor

### Installation
1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Vinay-Bagde-19/JavaNotePad.git
   
2. Open the project in your preferred Java IDE or text editor.

3. Compile and run the My_Notepad class.

### Running the Application 
You can also run the application directly from the JAR file.

1. Download the JAR file from the "releases" folder.

2. Open a terminal or command prompt and navigate to the folder containing the JAR file.

3. Run the following command:
   ```bash
   java -jar My_Notepad.jar

## Usage

**New Tab**: Create a new tab for editing.

**Open:** Open and read text files.

**Save:** Save the current tab's content.

**Print:** Print the contents of the current tab.

**Zoom In/Out:** Adjust the view of your text.

**Cut/Copy/Paste/Select All:** Manage text easily with standard shortcuts.

## Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Feel free to submit issues, fork the repository, and create pull requests.

## Acknowledgments
Inspired by classic notepad applications.

Built with love using *Java Swing* and *AWT*.

🖊️📒 Dive into JavaNotePad and elevate your note-taking experience.🚀⭐
